[16.0][ADD] project_stage_last_update_date: New module (#1325)
OCA/project: project_stage_last_update_date/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module add new field to record project stage last update date

Reviewer: Please use proper English grammar and being descriptive:

```suggestion
This module adds a new field to record the last date when the project stage was
updated.
```
